doc: documentation (#4)
terraform-mongodbatlas-modules/terraform-mongodbatlas-private-endpoint: README.md

# Private Endpoint Terraform Module

> This Terraform module set ups a [private connection](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/security-private-endpoint/#-optional--regionalized-private-endpoints-for-multi-region-sharded-clusters) to a [MongoDB Atlas Database](https://www.mongodb.com/products/platform/atlas-database) and consists of the following submodule:

Reviewer: Maybe mention azure/gcp support in the future or drop the "following submodule" since it is only 1 for now?

Author: true, I think i will drop for now the following submodule phrase

> This Terraform module set ups a [private connection](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/security-private-endpoint/#-optional--regionalized-private-endpoints-for-multi-region-sharded-clusters) to a [MongoDB Atlas Database](https://www.mongodb.com/products/platform/atlas-database) and consists of:
> 
> - [aws private link cluster](https://github.com/terraform-mongodbatlas-modules/terraform-mongodbatlas-private-endpoint/tree/main/modules/aws-private-link-cluster)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This Terraform module sets up a [private connection](https://www.mongodb.com/docs/atlas/security-private-endpoint/#-optional--regionalized-private-endpoints-for-multi-region-sharded-clusters) to a [MongoDB Atlas Database](https://www.mongodb.com/products/platform/atlas-database) and consists of an [aws private link cluster](https://github.com/terraform-mongodbatlas-modules/terraform-mongodbatlas-private-endpoint/tree/main/modules/aws-private-link-cluster).
```

Suggestion:  Since it's only 1 bullet, I don't think we need a list here.

> - [aws private link cluster](https://github.com/terraform-mongodbatlas-modules/terraform-mongodbatlas-private-endpoint/tree/main/modules/aws-private-link-cluster)

Reviewer: Any reason for using full URLs instead of relative?

Author: Hmm not really, I was doing it like this in the other modules as well
